## Hi there 👋

My name is Nivetha and I'm a trust and safety professional currently residing in San Francisco, CA. 

### About Me

I'm an aspiring data professional that is eager to do what I can to elevate & empower Trust and Safety businesses. I have a background in public relations and journalism, so I've been on both sides of the typical content lifecycle and am pretty keen to see how content creation and moderation co-exist in our world that's witnessing the rapid growth of AI and LLMs.

### My Projects

- [Compatibility App](https://github.com/nivethasund/compatibility-app) - An experiment with Python and HTML to create a Flask app that tells you how compatible your relationship is with someone special.
- [OpenWeather and Citipy Explorations](https://github.com/nivethasund/python-api-challenge) - A 2-part project that uses APIs to derive weather conditions for a list of cities generated by Citipy, and analyze optimal conditions based on a hemisphere while also finding suitable hotels near these cities.
- [Cancer Treatment Testing Explorations](https://github.com/nivethasund/data-visualization-challenge) - A project that analyzes pre-selected data on the effect of different cancer treatments on mice, using Pandas and Matplotlib.

### Some more deets!

- 📫 How to reach me: [Email Me!](mailto:nivetha.sundar1015@gmail.com)
- 😄 Pronouns: she/her
- ☕ Philz Coffee Order: A large creamy cream, medium sugar, hot Philtered Soul (or I'll settle for Cinnamon Dolce Latte at Starbucks, with whipped cream)

## Connect with Me

On my Github, you're bound to find more of my work on various personal data projects. If you're interested in knowing what I do in the Trust and Safety space, you can find me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nivetha-sundar/). Let's connect and chat!

<!---## GitHub Stats
[My GitHub Stats](GitHub Stats Image URL)-->

## Let's Collaborate!

I'm always open to collaborating on interesting projects. If you have any ideas or just want to chat, feel free to reach out to me.

